Let's reflect back on the vulnerabilities that we have exploited. Not only have we learnt about the technology that is containerization, but also how these containers are a mere abstraction of the host's operating system.

10.1. The Principle of Least Privileges:

Whilst this is an over-arching theme of InfoSec as a whole, we'll pertain this to Docker...

Remember Docker images? The commands in these images will execute as root unless told otherwise. Let's say you create a Docker image for your webserver, in this case, the service will run as root. If an attacker managed to exploit the web server, they would now have root permissions to the container and may be able to use the techniques we outlined in Task 10 and 11.  

10.2. Docker  Seccomp 101:

Seccomp or "Secure computing" is a security feature of the Linux kernel, allowing us to restrict the capability of a container by determining the system calls it can make. [Docker uses security profiles](http://docs.docker.oeynet.com/engine/security/seccomp/#pass-a-profile-for-a-container) for containers. For example, we can deny the container the ability to perform actions such as using the mount namespace  (see Task 10 for demonstration of this vulnerability) or any of the [Linux system calls.](https://filippo.io/linux-syscall-table/)

10.3. Securing your Daemon:

In later installs of the Docker engine, running a registry relies on the use of implementing self-signed SSL certificates behind a web server, where these certificates must then be distributed and trusted on every device that will be interacting with the registry. This is quite the hassle for developers wanting to setup quick environments - which goes against the entire point of Docker.

Answer the questions below

I've secured my containers